Instead of a Top 10 list in the leaderboards, change it to Top 100. Enforce a strict "No vertical scrollbar" policy when the leaderboards get longer than their containers. Adjust the layout of leaderboard entries to include the additional content but keep everything clear and understandable at a glance.

If at the end of a game the player wants to submit their time to be recorded and their time is not sufficient enough to be in the Top 100 scores, display an appropriate message to the player explaining the time wasnt fast enough and to try again.

At the end of the game if a player chooses to submit their score to the leaderboards, always tell them where their score ranks in the list of all recorded scores up to an unlimited number, even if it doesnt place in the Top 100 best.

For the leaderboard entries, adjust the styling for 1st 2nd and 3rd place to really highlight the Gold Silver and Bronze aesthetic.

I'm not sure what the exact circumstances were, so lets check all potential instances, but during a solo game (just for reference, could apply to a Two Player game as well) I was two chambers away from the dragon, my turn ended, the dragon moved one chamber closer but still not in my chamber with me, and somehow this counted as a kill for the dragon.

In our leaderboard entries lets begin keeping track of three more metrics:
1. Number of moves the player made during the game. Valid actions to count are (Player successfully moved to a new tile, player encountered a wall but was unable to move, player encountered a locked door but was unable to move, player clicks Next Turn but stays in the current chamber). This does NOT include Invalid Moves (Player tries to move to a non-adjacent tile, Player tries to move to their currently occupied tile WITHOUT clicking the Next Turn button).
2. Number of player deaths during the game.
3. Percentage of walls the player found during the game.

Check the Wizards of the Coast "Fan Content Policy" (https://company.wizards.com/en/legal/fancontentpolicy) to make sure we are in compliance, and if not, bring it to attention before making any corrections.

How hard would it be to create a CPU opponent to play against instead of needing a human opponent all the time? Give the player an option to choose.

Small details to make the gameboard and sidebar contents have a "dungeon" feel. Maybe subtle background textures like stone floors for chambers, and themed sidebars?

Possible idea for new game mode - Survival Mode. Instead of searching for the treasure and escaping a single floor, players must search each floor for a weapon then kill the dragon to advance to the next floor. Each new floor increases in difficulty via different mechanics such as dragon hitpoints increase, obstacles, traps, etc.